hello everybody today I be preparing
chana masala restaurants life and this
chana masala turned out yummy and it was
absolutely delicious let's look into the
ingredients and get started we need 1
cup of chickpeas which is soaked
overnight and cooked with quarter
teaspoon of turmeric powder we need two
medium tomatoes and three medium onions
half a teaspoon of turmeric powder two
tablespoons of chili powder kasoori
methi or dried fenugreek about half a
teaspoon ginger garlic paste about 1
tablespoon 1 tbsp of garam masala powder
and 1 tablespoon of coriander powder 1
tablespoon of cumin powder or you can
use cumin seeds what I've done is in a
pressure cooker I have gone ahead and
added the onions and tomatoes when I go
ahead and add about 1/2 a cup of water
and pressure cook this for to business
now after two whistles and just going to
go ahead and remove the whistle and I am
going to add the cooked onion and tomato
to a mixer jar and blend it into a
smooth puree make sure you don't add any
excess water you use the same cooked
water while blending the onion and
tomato a valedictory turning into a
mixer jar and I'm going to blend this
till it's nice and smooth
once you finish preparing the paste I'm
just going to go ahead and start
preparing the curry now I've placed a
handi on medium flame and to the handi
have added about two tablespoons of oil
and two tablespoons of ghee and to the
ghee and oil I've gone ahead and added
cumin seeds ginger-garlic paste and I'm
also going to add the dried spices and
fry all the ingredients to the raw
flavor has gone now the dried
ingredients would be garam masala powder
coriander powder chili powder and
turmeric powder now frying all the dried
spices gives this curry an extra taste
and this is the method you have to
follow and it's very nice and tasty now
just give this a good toss and fry it
and once you once you see the spices
forming you can go ahead and add the
tomato and onion paste which is already
created and I've already added the
excess water from the tomato and onion
paste I'm going to allow this to cook
and boil for about two minutes or until
the oil surfaces on top now once the oil
surface is on top I'm just going to go
ahead and add my cooked chickpeas you
can use canned chickpeas which can make
things really fast and it's easily
available you can use the regular canned
chickpeas you can drain the water out
and you can use it I'm just going to
give this a good stir
I'm also going to add
fenugreek leaves dried fenugreek leaves
and at this point I'm going to place a
cover and I'm going to get this to a
boil once I get this to a rapid boil I'm
going to add my secret ingredient which
is going to be sweetened condensed milk
yes I did see a person at a restaurant
add sweetened condensed milk too to this
China masala and that's bad I came home
and I prepared the chana masala as he
did and it turned out exactly like a
restaurant style I did add a little bit
extra but make sure you don't add too
much you add just about half a teaspoon
of the sweetened condensed milk and
you're good to go it was creamy tasty it
had the perfect amount of sweet and it
was really yummy I did add about one and
a half tablespoons of the sweetened
condensed milk I did go overboard so you
don't add too much you just add about
half a teaspoon to maximum you can add
one tablespoon not more than that and
this gives us a good stir and get this
show boil and allow this to cook
thoroughly and once the oil surfaces add
the coriander leaves and squeeze in
about half a lime juice and your curry
is ready as you can see it turned out
exactly like restaurant style don't give
this recipe a try you can visit me on my
blog and print the recipe in detail and
try this recipe out you can also visit
me on my Tamil channel where I post the
same recipe translated in Tamil if you
are a South Indian do subscribe to my
Tamil channel if you like this video
don't give this video a thumbs up and
follow me for regular recipe updates and
restaurant reviews I will be posting
China bhatoora recipe so do wait for
that recipe video and follow me on my
Facebook I keep posting a lot of tips
and a lot of other recipes on my
Facebook fan page do follow me on all my
social media links I'll post all the
links in the about bar below this video
until we meet next time thanks for
watching bye bye